fix: datatype number for search (#857)
pluginsGLPI/fields: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELAESE]

### Fixed

> - Change the decimal type of number fields to display the decimal part of the decimal numbers in search options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Force decimal ‘datatype’ of `numeric` fields  for more accurate display.
```
